Adds RM text about witness clauses (#2601)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Types.md

type.  For such assignments, an explicit conversion must be used, see
[Section 21.10](#sec-as-expression).)

> The declaration of a subset type permits an optional [`witness` clause](#sec-witness),  to declare default values that the compiler can use to initialize variables of the subset type, or to assert the non-emptiness of the subset type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The declaration of a subset type permits an optional [`witness` clause](#sec-witness), to declare default values that the compiler can use to initialize variables of the subset type, or to assert the non-emptiness of the subset type.
```

type.  For such assignments, an explicit conversion must be used, see
[Section 21.10](#sec-as-expression).)

The declaration of a subset type permits an optional `witness` clause.

> The `witness clause is described in [Section 11.3.4](#sec-witness).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `witness` clause is described in [Section 11.3.4](#sec-witness).
```

> The declaration of a subset type permits an optional `witness` clause.
> The `witness` clause is described in [Section 11.3.4](#sec-witness).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The declaration of a subset type permits an optional [`witness` clause](#sec-witness),  to declare default values that the compiler can use to initialize variables of the subset type, or to assert the non-emptiness of the subset type.
```

For more information about arrow types, see [Section 17](#sec-arrow-types).

### 11.3.4. Witness clauses {#sec-witness}

> The declaration of a subset type permits an optional `witness` clause.

Reviewer: I can't put it as a suggestion, but I strongly suggest you add examples:

```dafny
type ImpossibleInt = x : int | x < 0 && x > 0 witness *
type NonEmptySeq = x: seq<int> | |x| > 0 witness [0]
type NonNegative = x: int | |x| > 0 ghost witness 1
```
(see https://stackoverflow.com/a/49122055/1287856 for more information about ghost witnesses)

  [ TypeMembers ]
````
A newtype is like a type synonym or subset type except that it declares a wholly new type

> name that is distinct from its base type. The optional `witnesss` clause
> is described in [Section 11.3.4](#sec-witness).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name that is distinct from its base type. It also accepts an optional [`witness` clause](#sec-witness).
```
